Feat/update example books (#423)
dbmdz/solr-ocrhighlighting: example/README.md

# Example Setup

0. Prerequisites:
    - Python 3.8+

>     - docker compose V2

Reviewer: This is not a hard requirement, maybe just mention that users might need to use `docker compose` instead of `docker-compose` depending on their setup?

Author: Understand the point, but docker-compose has been completely retired [one year ago](https://docs.docker.com/compose/migrate/), therefore no one should be encouraged to use it anymore.

Reviewer: TIL! 💡 Sorry, I was out of the loop on that 😅

    - ~16GiB of free storage

> 1. Clear local data dir if exists: `rm -vr data`

Reviewer: I don't think this is neccessary and will cause unneccessary traffic.

Author: Your absolutely right! I just noticed this can do real harm. If the directory has been deleted and the containers create them from scratch it is going ill.

Author: Concerning `if only one single book missing ...` : The current flow is like this: one book is missing, then tar requests starts again. I tried the example in a place with slow net speed, lots of connection errs and required several tries. 
Before altering this I wasn't able to get just the books in place.

2. Launch containers: `docker compose up -d`

>     - Check permissions for subdirectory `./data` since there goes the load

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Make sure you have write permissions for the subdirectory `./data` since this is where the data will be downloaded to
```

3. Download and ingest the documents into Solr: `./ingest.py`

>     - If only interested in books: `./ingest_books_only.py`

Reviewer: I'd prefer a `--books-only` flag to the `ingest.py` script instead of creating a second one that shares much of the code with the existing script.
